“What happened, where are the others?” Asked a skinny looking guy. He was wearing some kind of armor which covered his entire body, with a strange looking gun in his hand. “The plan didn’t worked, they surprised us. Magnus and Ayla are dead, but I was lucky enough to see what the monsters were doing. I’m not an expert, but it seemed like they were conjuring some kind of gate.” Answered the second guy. He looked exhausted and had blood traces all over his body. “What kind of gate? Locational or dimensional?” Asked the skinny guy with confusion on his face. “Let’s hope they didn’t figure out how to make a dimensional gate, otherwise we will be in deep shit. Can you reach the operator? I’m not sure how to move forward from here.” The skinny guy pulled up his arm, then made some strange looking moves with his fingers. Suddenly, a blue circle appeared around his wrist. With some more complicated movements, the circle extended toward the guys elbow and runes started to appear on its surface. “Operator, it’s investigator 4650B. Do you copy?” Ha waited, but no answer come. “Operator, do you copy?” The skinny guy looked at the second guy, with a worried face. “There must be something wrong with the relay, is the link still open?” The second guy started to search in his bag, but suddenly, shots were fired, and the guy collapsed. The skinny guy looked where the shots could come from and saw three entity. They looked humanoid, but their skin looked like that they were covered with stone. Each of them hold some kind of device in their hands, when a fourth stone guy appeared with the device that was pointed towards him, then pulled the trigger. A small, stone spike started to appear and were shot towards the skinny guy. Investigator 4650B had no time to react, the spike went through his chest. He had no chance to survive this, he thought. Suddenly the ground started shaking. It gave him a moment to find cover, when the tunnel between him and the stone figures collapsed, burying his partners corpse under the falling rocks. 
The skinny guy started to consider his options. The mission was to locate and investigate an anonymous report. It claimed that someone was doing suspicious activity on a small planet, called Kallis. “If I’m going to die here, at least make it count.” And with that thought he started to walk toward the way, where his partner came from. The pain in his chest increased as he moved through the tunnels. With no chance to get out of here, he at least wanted to send a detailed report about the portal, that his partner mentioned. To his surprise, he found no enemy on the way. “Maybe it’s because of the earthquake?”
After a few turns, he arrived to a big, open space. He was shocked when he saw what lay on the floor before him. It was big hole with lightnings striking out of it. He noticed gloving runes on the edge of the cliff and saw that they are becoming more and more unstable. “It’s a portal, but what kind?” He knelt down, party to examine the runes, but rather because the pain was so great, that he couldn’t sand anymore. The ground started to shake again, and small rock started to falling down from the sealing. “Why is the portal so black? It’s supposed to be transparent when opened to a location, and why the runes are so hot? Did they tried to go into something? Or they just accidentally opened their portal inside a mountain maybe?” With little time left, he conjured a circle around his wrist, pulled it toward him and started to make a report. “Operator, this is investigator 6450B. The mission is failed, the whole team is dead, and I will join to them within a few minutes. I managed to locate some kind of porta-” Than it hit him. “It’s a defected dimensional portal! Not all the runes are strong enough to hold the portal open, that is why the portal became unstable and started to collapse. But wat was their destination?” He looked for signs. He started to go through rune by rune on the portal. He concentrated so much, that a falling rock almost hit him in the head, but eventually he found what he was looking for. “They tried to open a dimensional portal to dimension C-137 planet ID: BC-8693.” He continued the report. “The portal was not strong enough and started to collapse into itself. I doubt that anyone went through it, but I think, they are close to make a working gate. Investigator 6450B out.” He smiled. Although all his clothes were red by now from his blood, he felt calm. As he stared the crumbling ceiling tears started to blur his sight. The cave started to darken, until nothing was left jus the calm, unpainful darkness.

	---------------------

Ned opened his eyes. He heard his alarm loudly ringing beside his bed. It was Monday morning. “Oh, come on! It’s time to wake up already?” He sat up in his bed and started the long ritual he called: waking up. Ned hate to get up early. Usually, he liked to sleep until 9AM, but sometimes, if he was busy in the night, he could sleep until 11AM. Unfortunately, the school started 2 months ago and now he have to wake up early in the morning. Finally, after a struggling for a few minutes he managed to wake up. Ned looked around his room to find some clothes to put on. His room was quite small, with one bed, a larger desk which was always a mess and a cabinet where he stored his clothes. He had a small free space in the middle of his room, just enough to open the door. Sometimes it bothered him that he have such a small room. It would be good just to have enough space to not have everything in the way, but otherwise he liked his
After a few minutes, he found some clothes to put on, grabbed his bag and headed down the stairs toward the kitchen, to have some breakfast. He found his mom reading the news at the table while drinking a cup of tea. To his surprise, he didn’t find any of his siblings at the table. “Morning mom.” Said Ned, while bringing the toast to the table, that his mother prepared for him. “Morning honey.” Answered his mother smiling. Ned loves his mother. She always seems happy and optimistic, despite being a single mother with three kids. Their father left after 


